TDD:
What are the 4 types of testing ?  Functional Test(Automated), Unit Test(Automated), Usability Test(Manual), Property Test(Tool-based).

What is a Unit test ? It tests functions to see if they are behaving correctly or as expected.
Unit tests are part of the source code and runs as part of the build process.

What are the benifit of Unit testing ? It is fast to run and easy to change. It helps the programmer write a good code and gives the programmer more coinfidence to change things.

Loosy coupled code it when you write a function that is not dependant on other functions as in you can change a function without having to change the other functions aswell.

There are two kinds of test what are they ? Find defects after they occur and tests to prevent defects.

Why is it not good to find defects after they occur? Thats because it takes too long time to fix it, it could be in the core of the root.

What is the mantra of TDD ? Design, write test, implement, test soon as green design again.

----------------------------------------------------------------

What does build consist of? compilation, inspection, testing, deployment.

What is manual Integration - Synchronous ? 
Update your copy from repo & run build locally, get integration token & check in your code.
go to integration machine, get changes, run build and tests.
replace intergration token.

if build fails - Revert changes.


Continuess Integration - Asynchronous.
TRAVIS AND HEROKU

What is the value of CI
Recudes Risk, Creater confidents, generate deployable software at any time.

Why Integration server ? To avoid the concept it works on my computer.

When are Documents needed?
When recipient of knowledge is unknown.

What are the types of documentations ? 
In Progress, Process, Handoff, Product.

hvað er samstæða(configuration) Samstæða er fullbúin uppsetning á hugbúnaði, með virkandi stillingum, keyranlegum srkám og skjölun.


What is Configuration management ? Holding on to configurations. 


What is the difference between Centralized Version control and Distrubuted Version control ?
Centralized is where you can get data from server to your computer. But Distrubuted is where push and pull basicly.

What is trunk in version control ? Basicly the master branch.

When do you want use Tag in version control ? When there is need of identify the version of the system.

Checkout can be used for 3 different ways in github what are they ? You can use checkout files, same as revert back to an old version of individual file. Use checkout for making a new branch and last you can use checkout for checking out commits wich is read only operation.


Whats the difference between Revert and Rollback ? Revert throw away your changes and point to ur last update. Rollback is if you have pushed something and u want found out it was a mistake you can use rollback to get the previous version.





